Add "Make NFC tags read-only" section to Web NFC article (#7252)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/nfc/index.md

returns a promise. The [user may be prompted] if access was not previously
granted. The promise will resolve if the following conditions are all met:

> - It must be called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It was only called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or
```

Reviewer: This is to follow the best practice to express coordinate ideas in similar form. The specific change is to make all items in the list use the same verb tense.

Author: Thank you!

  mouse click.

> - User has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.
```

previously granted. At this point, an NDEF message is "prepared" and promise
will resolve if the following conditions are all met:

> - It must be called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It was only called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or
```

  mouse click.

> - User has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.
```

ndef.write("Writing data on an empty NFC tag is fun!", { overwrite: false })
.then(() => {
  console.log("Message written.");
}).catch(error => {
  console.log(`Write failed :-( try again: ${error}.`);
});
```

### Make NFC tags read-only {: #make-read-only }

> To prevent malicious users from overwriting NFC tags content, it is possible to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent malicious users from overwriting an NFC tag's content, it is possible to
```

make NFC tags permanently read-only. This operation is a one-way process and
cannot be reversed. Once an NFC tag has been made read-only, it can't be written
to anymore.

To make NFC tags read-only, first instantiate a new `NDEFReader` object. Calling
`makeReadOnly()` returns a promise. The [user may be prompted] if access was not
previously granted. The promise will resolve if the following conditions are all
met:

> - It must be called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It was only called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or
```

  mouse click.

> - User has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices.
```

- The user's phone supports NFC.
- The user has enabled NFC on their phone.

> - User has tapped an NFC tag and the NFC tag has been successfully made read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user has tapped an NFC tag and the NFC tag has been successfully made read-only.
```

ndef.write("Writing data on an empty NFC tag is fun!", { overwrite: false })
.then(() => {
  console.log("Message written.");
}).catch(error => {
  console.log(`Write failed :-( try again: ${error}.`);
});
```

### Make NFC tags read-only {: #make-read-only }

To prevent malicious users from overwriting NFC tags content, it is possible to
make NFC tags permanently read-only. This operation is a one-way process and
cannot be reversed. Once an NFC tag has been made read-only, it can't be written

> anymore.

Reviewer 2: Written TO

Author: Thanks! Fixed in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/7252/commits/0bfc261a0a5e472cde6c7b200842a7a206f33d0c

To make NFC tags read-only, first instantiate a new `NDEFReader` object. Calling
`makeReadOnly()` returns a promise. The [user may be prompted] if access was not
previously granted. The promise will resolve if the following conditions are all
met:

- It must be called in response to a user gesture such as a touch gesture or
  mouse click.
- User has allowed the website to interact with NFC devices when they tap their

>   phone.

Reviewer 2: Tap there phone where? Maybe just drop that part

Author: You're right. Let's make it simpler. Fixed in https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/7252/commits/fe3c0e82929b7745d9e49a0b6ce3aa39df59c5cd

Web NFC is only available to top-level frames and secure browsing contexts (HTTPS
only). Origins must first request the `"nfc"` [permission] while handling a

> user gesture (e.g a button click). The NDEFReader `scan()`, `write()`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user gesture (e.g a button click). The `NDEFReader` `scan()`, `write()`, and
```
